content/home/experience.md, before:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 40  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "January 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[experience]]
  title = "Scientiﬁc Assistant"
  company = "NRW School Of Governance, University Duisburg-Essen"
  company_url = "https://nrwschool.de"
  location = "Duisburg, Germany"
  date_start = "2018-05-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """Research assistant in the project MigTex - Text Resources for
Migration and Integration Research and the DFG-Project The
populist challenge in parliaments at the Chair for Public Policy
and Regional Policy of Prof. Dr. Andreas Blätte"""

[[experience]]
  title = "Intern Health & Public Services"
  company = "Accenture Strategy, Bonn"
  company_url = "https://accenture.com"
  location = "Bonn, Germany"
  date_start = "2018-02-01"
  date_end = "2018-05-01"
  description = """
Support in the conception of an IT governance framework of a
German federal authority according to the COBIT5 and ITILv3
frameworks. Exploratory acquisition of processes, visualization,
and preparation for further IT-supported modeling."""

[[experience]]
  title = "Intern Editorial"
  company = "netzpolitik.org, Berlin"
  company_url = "https://netzpolitik.org"
  location = "Berlin, Germany"
  date_start = "2015-01-01"
  date_end = "2015-04-01"
  description = """
Data evaluation, preparation, and visualization for articles on
netzpolitik.org. Media and political coverage in audio, visual and written form."""

+++

Commit message:

Updated Site, Added Projects section

content/home/experience.md, after:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 40  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "January 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[experience]]
  title = "Scientiﬁc Assistant"
  company = "NRW School Of Governance, University Duisburg-Essen"
  company_url = "https://nrwschool.de"
  location = "Duisburg, Germany"
  date_start = "2018-05-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """Research assistant in the project MigTex - Text Resources for
Migration and Integration Research and the DFG-Project The
populist challenge in parliaments at the Chair for Public Policy
and Regional Policy of Prof. Dr. Andreas Blätte"""

[[experience]]
  title = "Participant Summer Institute in Computational Social Science 2019"
  company = "University Princeton, Partneruniversity Bamberg"
  company_url = "https://compsocialscience.github.io/summer-institute/2019/bamberg/"
  location = "Bamberg, Germany"
  date_start = "2019-07-28"
  date_end = "2019-08-10"
  description = """Participant at the SICSS of Princeton University at the Partner
University of Bamberg. Two-week program consisiting of data
science related lectures and group projects with R in the ﬁeld of
computational social science"""

[[experience]]
  title = "Intern Health & Public Services"
  company = "Accenture Strategy, Bonn"
  company_url = "https://accenture.com"
  location = "Bonn, Germany"
  date_start = "2018-02-01"
  date_end = "2018-05-01"
  description = """
Support in the conception of an IT governance framework of a
German federal authority according to the COBIT5 and ITILv3
frameworks. Exploratory acquisition of processes, visualization,
and preparation for further IT-supported modeling."""

[[experience]]
  title = "Intern Editorial"
  company = "netzpolitik.org, Berlin"
  company_url = "https://netzpolitik.org"
  location = "Berlin, Germany"
  date_start = "2015-01-01"
  date_end = "2015-04-01"
  description = """
Data evaluation, preparation, and visualization for articles on
netzpolitik.org. Media and political coverage in audio, visual and written form."""

+++
